I want to host this website in github okey, I have created this as a public repo. so i know with github i can host it.
add CI/CD pipeline as well for this so i can do update continusly.

Important:
The website should render perfectly in both PC and mobile screens.

What i am making:
A modern and romantic looking static website created as a invitation. asking the girl i love for a date at chocolits on a date she likes. a calender should popup and she can select a date. Time should be between 10 am - 4 pm. and a message should be displayed based on the selection. i want her to feel special. so design it well.
add soft music as well. add a heart animation on mouse hover and a sound effect as well.
make sure she has a great experience visiting this website and accepting the invitation.
First it should have a welcome page with cute bever pic. and message `Hii My Love` , she can click on the button below it says `yes` , and then it should go to next page and ask if she likes to go on a date with me to chocolits with a another beaver image. she can click yes or no. if she clicks no should display a sad beaver image with a message like `preety please! we can eat brownies and cakes till our belly popps `, again yes and No. then if she clicks on No then a another sad beaver pic with a image with message like `i just want to listean to you and see you smile, just 1 or 2h is enough`, again yes and No. if she clicks no then crying beaver image and sorry to distube love and then send me a email on `sasiruvishmika@gmail.com` the answer list she gave for each question. if she clicks on yes on any senario go for the calender. 
in calender page ask her to select a date between `Today` to `28-December-2026` . and time should be between 10 am - 4 pm. and a message should be displayed based on the selection. i want her to feel special. so design it well.

when she click yes the hearts should shoot out from every conner before going to calender. and once she picked the date and click  `i like this date` another happy beaver with Thank you my love page, and then i should get the email with the date time she picked and her answers list. images are in images folder.

You have full freedom of design and cretivity to make it sepcial. 